my name is Henry Allen I have a son
whose name is Cameron and he's 13 years
old and he was diagnosed with anaplastic
astrocytoma which is a very rare form of
brain cancer and children we have been
fighting this together for almost two
years and about six months ago the
malignancy returned and since then we've
been told that we've exhausted all
conventional means of curing him good oh
yeah job babe or dare you go there you
go we have a pretty fun life you know
he'd that doesn't below that he has to
take a lot of medication just a few
weeks ago he was taking twenty two pills
a day but he never complains he is a kid
who finds the joy in everything life's
too sweet to be bitter he loves his life
I wish we all had you know how was the
brain candy project started well when we
received Cameron's diagnosis in the same
breath the oncologist said to us that
there were no brain tumor support groups
pediatrics specifically in the state of
Minnesota and that we were on our own
and I said no nobody's on our own and
there will be and not just a support
group but a support system for parents
who find themselves dealing with any
kind of brain trauma with their child
and these are all born out of my own
experience and other families that I met
living in the hospital people who were
from other parts of the state or other
states all together who came here to the
Twin Cities right now what we are poised
to do with the brain candy project and
really the first hospital that we are
officially associating with is the
Fairview hospital the Children's
Hospital at the University of Minnesota
where Cameron spent a month of recovery
they do wonderful things for parents and
still it's not enough they felt that our
services that we are offering to parents
we're significant enough that would lift
the burden off
that the Fairview Fidel foundation has
offered to host if you will a dedicated
fund that specifically fuels the brain
candy project services at that Hospital
think that the people who are resonating
with this the most are actually parents
of healthy children because they can't
imagine living in the hospital for a
period of months brain candy magazine
which will be a publication of the brain
candy project came about in august of
2007 and Cameron's decision was that it
would be written by and for young people
living with brain cancer because having
brain cancer is a very isolating
experience so what he said to me was
that he wanted this magazine to be a
bridge for these children all over the
world so that they understand and know
that they're not the only ones going
through it Cameron's always known from
the beginning that this is bigger than
him he said that to me I asked him if he
was afraid and he said no papa I know
this is bigger than me he's had that
awareness from the beginning and so I
think as much as we are learning through
this process we and he are also teaching
I took him out to lunch about a month
ago before he went out on a trip with
his mom and I sat down with him and I
said gosh honey did you ever think at
the age of 13 that this would be your
life and he got this big goofy grin on
his face he said no I said why do you
say it like that he said because I love
my life
I love everything about my life I have
everything I could ever want I'm so
happy and do all these wonderful things
you